Added ARF reference in PID claim (#305)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/pid-eaa-data-model.rst

      - [SD]. National tax identification code of natural person as a String format. It MUST be set according to ETSI EN 319 412-1. For example ``TINIT-<ItalianTaxIdentificationNumber>``
      - 

> The the PID attribute schema is defined by `ARF v1.4 <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/arf.md#21-identification-and-authentication-to-access-online-services>`_, as detailed in the `PID Rulebook <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/annexes/annex-3/annex-3.01-pid-rulebook.md#23-pid-attributes>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PID attribute schema, which encompasses all potential user data, is defined in `ARF v1.4 <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/arf.md#21-identification-and-authentication-to-access-online-services>`_, and furthermore detailed in the `PID Rulebook <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/annexes/annex-3/annex-3.01-pid-rulebook.md#23-pid-attributes>`_.
```

> The PID attribute schema, which encompasses all potential user data, is defined in `ARF v1.4 <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/arf.md#21-identification-and-authentication-to-access-online-services>`_, and furthermore detailed in the `PID Rulebook <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/annexes/annex-3/annex-3.01-pid-rulebook.md#23-pid-attributes>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PID attribute schema, which encompasses all potential User data, is defined in `ARF v1.4 <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/arf.md#21-identification-and-authentication-to-access-online-services>`_, and furthermore detailed in the `PID Rulebook <https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/annexes/annex-3/annex-3.01-pid-rulebook.md#23-pid-attributes>`_.
```
